its all Global mafia cartels illuminati Secret Services organised sometimes They just put prison Some dumb criminals. Banks mafia illuminati Financial Institutions Military its all the Same Thing and its all about just money and Business. It doesnt Take to be genius to Know all of this crap, sometimes some Eastern Europe or African Low life Low educated criminals Will be hired just to Take the blame for the crimes Wich are truly organised by heavy money power by the harvard Yale educated mens. So there is no need to Think that the Low educated People so called “poor criminals” Are capable to do anything by their own. Many of those Low life Low educated criminals Don’t Know Even that their bosses who they admire so much are the illuminati SS. Members. That’s to said life is Dirty Don’t fall in traps Don’t look for Easy money! Those who offering to You those things are the demons and Stay Away from them as they are about to ruin your life and they Got no Honour but Only greedy for money. TN sold my identity and eventually me, to A virtual, passive human trafficking association, which uses paranormal activity(entities, shadows, and smoke-and-mirrors to contain, or hide what NASA reserves to call, an environment). The Federal gov doesn’t want to admit theyre attempting to murder me, publicly, or they also let the alliance conduct espionage in this so called ENV, and this has enabled ET’s, that love human trafficking, for obvious reasons, to create outposts here in TN, using parallel dimensions, they can stay in your home, and physically experiment with you, and bait, weaker less genius victims. basically Shelbyville, TN, 37160, has allowed themselves to fall victim to an array of scams, which now has transpired from cyber terror(my idtheft problem and my human rights denial) to indefinite public terror, possibly the London bridge or A Olympus has fallen, London too, situation. I cant access the internet, due to these smart bastards using “perfect timing” and god ole oppression, blackmail, hidden cams, auxillary, and audio visual( to ensure asshole is cleaned everytime, since theyre programming the public though, they prefer that its got TP and extra left overs, for your self esteem perseverance).about 100000 times ive attempted to get help, police even say that there is no TCA code that they can classify cyber terror nor proof of IDtheft, I wont elaborate, Tired, missing my kids, and I have to deal with grownups whom are scared of standing up for themselves. they’ve constructed A domain, DMZ, and call it TENET, gov domains are blocked, my phones from here on out have explosives, parasites, and are part of mafia gambling habits which net more money than any million lives that could be saved, phone is A dummy phone, so power hungry bitches can run good peoples lives in the ground, and they pay with sexual favors, use my social media posts for communications, and these people are famous, some are some are “dead”. tell people about Tennessee, the tngov pays citizens to<!---->: ZkP4fkgORm2lFhz poison, rape, steal. blackmail, kill, as long as theyre oppressing me(theyre trying to kill me, but first they have to frame me for it to work(tonight they attempted to make this state out to be in an environment, kids always need love, and you can debo the kids out from their parents hands, just go into the home while they sleep, or weve already tied them up, waiting on you,; but I know better, the gov is real, and they have chosen to ignore this problem. No rights, no communications, illuminti ran, mafia ran, and first objective is to feed identities to optriarch gov, take over, and oppress me. Thanks if you read this. also they’ve been chasing kids down the street, making them take off walking, and then sleeping with taylor swifts. I have followed Q for fun in the past, to see what the big deal was about… What you all don’t realize is first of all Q claims to be about UNITY between ALL RACES, ALL GENDERS, ALL RELIGIONS, & ALL POLITICAL AFFILIATIONS!!! Q has even talked about how ALL of the previous President’s (Republicans & Democrats) have been involved in stealing power from the people… It is NOT about a democrat pedophilia ring or calling the democrats satanist pedophiles lol… It encourages you to question EVERYTHING and to do diligent research outside of Google… Go read the Q “drops” and see for yourself,unless you are afraid that you are susceptible to being brainwashed why not take the time to see ALL the lies about Q!!! There are many different “anons” who merely decipher the Q drops & turn them into something else like all of the crazy different conspiracies theories but the ACTUAL Q drops do not even point to ANY of that rhetoric.. There are some that just take it to a whole new level after doing THEIR OWN RESEARCH but that does NOT mean that is what Q himself is saying… Many different sites spin their own theories but all Q claims to be is a high status of Military intelligence that helped Trump get into office to take down the deep state (drain the swamp) which consists of the elites ESTABLISHMENT REPUBLICANS & DEMOCRATS that have stolen the power out of the people’s hands for decades… It is NOT division, it encourages all political affiliations & all genders & races. of the PEOPLE of America to JOIN TOGETHER & do diligent research to take BACK the power from the government…. Many things that have come DIRECTLY FROM Q have come true, but the problem is ALL of the different theories & groups that spin out of control when they try to decipher the code in which Q writes in… So you cant pin ANY of insane theories straight to Q when its the anons trying to decipher & research and THEY cone up with THEIR OWN CONCLUSIONS…. But the actual Q is supposedly about UNITY of the PEOPLE and going against globalist, elitists deep state (bureaucrats that we dont vote for that pull all the puppet strings for a large majority of our government and MEDIA!!!!) Conspiracy theories can be FUN & some not so much…But I understand that it can be troublesome for SOME to draw their own conclusions & for it to spread instead of following the source but Q is ANTI RACISM. & ANTI GLOBALIZATION and whether they may have helped catch some elite pedophiles that is not what the Qs sole missions is & the anons turned it into the whole cabal of Satanist but they are ONLY talking about the Elites, not the democrat party lol
